Add the DifferentialUpgradeCostCalculation to UEF & Sera T3 Shields (#6347)
FAForever/fa: changelog/snippets/balance.6347.md

> - (#6347) Add DifferentialUpgradeCostCalculation to UEF and Seraphime Tech 3 Shield
> 
> By adding this is it will make it so when upgrading from T2 -> T3 it wont cost the full t3 shield price only the extra that is need. All the Cybran Shield already have this in place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (#6347) Enable `DifferentialUpgradeCostCalculation` for UEF and Seraphim Tech 3 Shields.

This makes upgrading from T2 to T3 shields get discounted by the cost of the T2 shield. All Cybran Shields already have this in place.
```
